Updated to User Guide formatting (#378)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales-channels/asc/workspace-controls.md

![]({% link sales-channels/asc/assets/amazon-sales-channel-home-actions-option.png %}){: .zoom}
_Actions Drop Down Example_

## Filters

The Filters control shows options for narrowing the data shown in the table. Filter options are based on the columns selected in the Columns control. Filter options only display for columns enabled in the Columns control.

Filters controls can include dynamic calendars to narrow data for specified dates, drop-down menus for columns that have pre-defined selections, and free-text fields that may contain custom data.

The example below shows the settings for filtering the list of orders to display only orders that meet the following criteria:

- Orders placed between 2/01/2019 and 2/07/2019, and
- Orders with a buyer named of `Smith`, and
- Orders with a status of `Shipped`.

When you have your filtering options set, click **Apply Filters** to filter the data listed. Click Cancel to exit the Filters control without applying.

![]({% link sales-channels/asc/assets/workspace-controls-filters.png %}){: .zoom}
_Filters Control Example_

> Once you've applied filters to your data, **Active Filters** information will appear. You can click the ![]({% link sales-channels/asc/assets/x-icon-clear-filters.png %}){: .Inline}icon to clear a specific filter option or click **Clear All** to clear all applied filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you apply filters to your data, **Active Filters** information will appear. You can click the ![]({% link sales-channels/asc/assets/x-icon-clear-filters.png %}){: .Inline}icon to clear a specific filter option or click **Clear All** to clear all applied filters.
```
